a. Package Managers
----What is a package manager? : A package manager helps us download, install, update, and remove libraries easily. We can reuse code written by others in the form of packages/libraries. That way, we don’t have to write everything by ourselves.
----Why do we need package managers in backend development? : Since backend apps depend on things like frameworks, databases, data handling, validation, etc, package managers help because then there’s no need for manually downloading then, which saves time. It keeps the version of libraries consistent as well. Which results in easy team collaborations.
----Problems faced if package managers are not used : If every developer installed the libraries manually, there would be so many bugs that would be hard to find. Manual downloads also lead to different versions in different machines. Not only that, it is really difficult to maintain them, and it is really hard to scale if it’s done manually.

b. NPM (Node Package Manager)
----What is NPM? : NPM is short for Node Package Manager. It is the default package manager for Node.js. It provides access to a huge online library. And it comes with Node.js when installed.
----Why is NPM important for Node.js applications? : It helps developers manage the backend dependencies efficiently. Since every Node project in the Node.js ecosystem is dependent on external libraries, npm makes the dependency handling reliable, and standard in any system. 
----How NPM helps in managing dependencies : It mainly installs dependencies listed in package.json. It installs them all into node_modules. Then it locks the exact versions using package-lock.json. It allows separate handling of production fro development and production as well.

c. Backend Project Initialization
----What is the command used to initialize a backend (Node.js) project? : We use ‘npm init’ to initialize a backend project. Project initialization involves making the project ready for dependency management. It sets up the basic structure of a Node.js project. 
----Explain what npm init and npm init -y do : npm init asks questions like the project name, version, entry file, etc. It creates a package.json file based on the answers we give. Then it gives us control over the project details if we want to customize it.Whereas npm init -y does not ask all the questions. It creates package.json with default values. This is usually a lot faster and it is mostly used in real projects.

d. Files and Folders Created After Project Initialization
Explain the purpose and importance of:
----package.json : It contains all the metadata about the project. It helps npm understand how to install and run the project that we are working on, like it helps define scripts like start, dev, build. It lists all the dependencies in the project.
----node_modules : It contains all the installed dependencies and libraries. Moreover, it is automatically generated by npm. Since it is really large in size, we mention it in .gitignore, so we don’t accidentally push it to git. It shouldn’t be edited manually, because doing that can cause errors.
----package-lock.json : This file stores the exact version of every dependency. Because a sudden update in any dependency can create version-related bugs, it prevents unexpected updates. This ensures consistency across all machines.

Also mention:
----Which files/folders should not be pushed to GitHub and why : It is node_modules that should not be pushed to GitHub, because it is extremely large in size, so it can make the repository heavy and slow. Since we can easily reinstall it in any system anytime, pushing it to GitHub is not necessary. It can be easily recreated.
----Which files must be committed and why : package.json and package-lock.json definitely need to be committed. This is because they are essential for deployment and collaboration. They maintain version consistency, which is very important to avoid version related bugs. It allows us to recreate the same project, because we know exactly what dependencies are needed.

